backend/README.rst, before:

This package uses ![poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for dependency management.

Make sure you have poetry installed and your local python version is using the python 3.9.

### How to build this package
The Dockerfile should do everything you would need. If you included new dependencies make sure you export them into the requirements file.

More Details:
https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/14201

### Adding New Dependencies
`poetry add stepfunctions`

### Remove poetry.lock file
https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/14201

### Export poetry dependecies to requirements.txt
`poetry export -o requirements.txt --without-hashes`


### Running Tests
`make all` should trigger all the code checks we have included so far
We use
1. flake8 for linting
2. mypy for type checks
3. pytest for running Tests
4. coverage to run code coverage

### Why does my PR fail in actions

Likely because of some failure while `make all`.

Try running github actions locally with [act](https://github.com/nektos/act/)

`act` should pickup the current ci.yml and run it locally inside a docker container

Commit message:

Converted Lambda to zip files w/ layers from container implementation. Fixed breadcrumb tracking bug

backend/README.rst, after:

This package uses ![poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for dependency management.

Make sure you have poetry installed and your local python version is using the python 3.10.

### How to build this package
The Dockerfile should do everything you would need. If you included new dependencies make sure you export them into the requirements file.

More Details:
https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/14201

### Adding New Dependencies
`poetry add stepfunctions`

### Remove poetry.lock file
https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/14201

### Export poetry dependecies to requirements.txt
`poetry export -o requirements.txt --without-hashes`

### Move requirements.txt to ./lambdaLayers/base
`cp -rf ./requirements.txt ./lambdaLayers/base/requirements.txt``

### Running Tests
`make all` should trigger all the code checks we have included so far
We use
1. flake8 for linting
2. mypy for type checks
3. pytest for running Tests
4. coverage to run code coverage

### Why does my PR fail in actions

Likely because of some failure while `make all`.

Try running github actions locally with [act](https://github.com/nektos/act/)

`act` should pickup the current ci.yml and run it locally inside a docker container
